Docs: update component import styles (#2082)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/how-to-preview-headless-cms-changes-in-development-mode.mdx

---
title: 'How to preview Headless CMS changes in development mode'
sidebar_label: 'How to preview Headless CMS changes in development mode'
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

> # How to preview Headless CMS changes in development mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<header className="hero">

# How to preview Headless CMS changes in development mode

 </header>
```

To make local tests, you can use the `dev mode` of the Headless CMS
to see a preview of your changes.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  While this guide is applicable to other frontend projects 
  within the Headless CMS, the use case for this guide is for FastStore projects.
</Callout>

 

1. After making changes to your FastStore project directory and syncing them with the Headless CMS, 
access the VTEX Admin and navigate to **Storefront > Headless CMS**.

> 2. Ensure you are in your FastStore project and open the page where changes were made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure you are in your FastStore project and the server is running.
```

3. Open the **Developer Tool** or right-click on the page and choose **Inspect**.

> 4. In the Developer Tool terminal and run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the Developer Tool terminal, run the following command:
```

```bash copy
localStorage.setItem('cmsDevMode', 1)
```

> 5. Refresh the page and you should see the section **Development Mode**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Refresh the page and you should see the section **Development Mode** in the right sidebar.
```

![development-mode](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/development-mode___5cd79e364aea0785e98ce6bb379f2acc.png)

6. Click on `Preview`. A new tab will open; copy the link from this tab containing the
`contentType`, `documentId` and `versionId`. The link should be similar to the
following:

> `https://faststore-poc.vtex.com/?contentType=page&documentId=bd9e01d6-534e-4e54-aa76-f864dcbad024&versionId=405118e9-7509-11ed-83ab-0eeee363631w`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`https://faststore.vtex.app/?contentType=page&documentId=bd9e01d6-534e-4e54-aa76-f864dcbad024&versionId=405118e9-7509-11ed-83ab-0eeee363631w`
```

7. Now access the preview link locally and change the parameters accordingly:

```copy
localhost:3000/api/preview/?contentType=<contentType>&documentId=<DOCUMENT_ID>&versionId=<VERSION_ID>
```

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  Ensure you replace `<contentType>`, `<DOCUMENT_ID>`, and `<VERSION_ID>` with the actual values from your preview link.
</Callout>

> 

Reviewer: Given the previous example, the local preview link should be the following:

`localhost:3000/api/preview/?contentType= page&documentId=bd9e01d6-534e-4e54-aa76-f864dcbad024&versionId=405118e9-7509-11ed-83ab-0eeee363631w`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the previous example, the local preview link should be the following:

`localhost:3000/api/preview/?contentType= page&documentId=bd9e01d6-534e-4e54-aa76-f864dcbad024&versionId=405118e9-7509-11ed-83ab-0eeee363631w`
```
